Suicide: A study in sociology
Comorbidity of borderline personality disorder
Comorbidity
Posttraumatic stress disorder in the National Comorbidity Survey
Prevalence, severity, and comorbidity of 12-month DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide and attempted suicide.
Validation of a combined comorbidity index
Comorbidity measures for use with administrative data
Clues to suicide
Reducing suicide: A national imperative.
Mechanisms and genes of cellular suicide
Suicide attempts in patients with borderline personality disorder
A new method of classifying prognostic comorbidity in longitudinal studies: development and validation
Why people die by suicide
Adapting a clinical comorbidity index for use with ICD-9-CM administrative databases
Suicidal children grow up: demographic and clinical risk factors for adolescent suicide attempts
Suicide and primary affective disorders
Bullying, cyberbullying, and suicide
Suicidal children grow up: rates and psychosocial risk factors for suicide attempts during follow-up
Suicide prevention strategies: a systematic review
Comorbidity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder
Suicide probability scale (SPS)
Does rejection hurt? An fMRI study of social exclusion
Suicide and suicidal behavior
Commentary: Suicide as psychache.
Adolescent suicide attempts: risks and protectors
Prevalence of and risk factors for lifetime suicide attempts in the National Comorbidity Survey
The interpersonal theory of suicide.
Depression and pain comorbidity: a literature review
Mental disorders and comorbidity in suicide
Definition of suicide
Assessment of suicidal intention: the Scale for Suicide Ideation.
Social meanings of suicide
Psychiatric diagnosis in child and adolescent suicide
Lifetime prevalence and age-of-onset distributions of DSM-IV disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide as escape from self.
Adolescent suicide: Assessment and intervention
Autobiographical memory in suicide attempters.
Clinical correlates of inpatient suicide.
The epidemiology of major depressive disorder: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication (NCS-R)
The international handbook of suicide and attempted suicide
The strategic logic of suicide terrorism
Pathological gambling: Etiology, comorbidity, and treatment.
The prevalence of comorbid depression in adults with diabetes: a meta-analysis
How trade hurt unskilled workers
Lifetime and 12-month prevalence of DSM-III-R psychiatric disorders in the United States: results from the National Comorbidity Survey
Genesis of suicide terrorism
Cell suicide for beginners
A hundred cases of suicide: clinical aspects
Suicide as an outcome for mental disorders. A meta-analysis
Suicide and attempted suicide among children and adolescents.
Suicide and attempted suicide in bipolar disorder: a systematic review of risk factors.
Suicide and homicide: Some economic, sociological and psychological aspects of aggression
Cellular response to oxidative stress: signaling for suicide and survival
Comorbidity of mental disorders with alcohol and other drug abuse: results from the Epidemiologic Catchment Area (ECA) study
Dying to win: The strategic logic of suicide terrorism
The prevalence and correlates of eating disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Comorbidity of anxiety and unipolar mood disorders
Aggression, suicide, and serotonin: Relationships of CSF amine metabolites.
Adolescent suicide and suicidal behavior
ADHD comorbidity findings from the MTA study: comparing comorbid subgroups
Suicide and Scandinavia.
Suicide rates in China, 1995–99
Ethical issues in suicide.
Psychological autopsy studies of suicide: a systematic review
Comorbidity of psychiatric disorders and posttraumatic stress disorder.
22. 5-HIAA in the Cerebrospinal Fluid: A Biochemical Suicide Predictor?
Risk factors for adolescent suicide: a comparison of adolescent suicide victims with suicidal inpatients
Outcome evaluation of a public health approach to suicide prevention in an American Indian tribal nation
On suicide bombing
Assessment and prediction of suicide.
Social phobia: Comorbidity and morbidity in an epidemiologic sample
Self-harm and suicide in adolescents
Survivors of suicide
Conditions predisposing to suicide: a review.
Autocrine T-cell suicide mediated by APO-1/(Fas/CD95)
Psychological autopsy of completed suicide in children and adolescents.
The gender paradox in suicide
Anxiety disorders in primary care: prevalence, impairment, comorbidity, and detection
Untangling the concepts of disability, frailty, and comorbidity: implications for improved targeting and care
Suicide enzyme inactivators
Comorbidity in arthritis.
Durkheim's Suicide: A classic analyzed
A current perspective of suicide and attempted suicide
A study of suicide in the Seattle area.
History of suicide: Voluntary death in western culture.
The neurobiology of suicide
Hopelessness, depression, and attempted suicide
Compulsive buying: descriptive characteristics and psychiatric comorbidity.
Depressive comorbidity in children and adolescents
How to measure comorbidity: a critical review of available methods
Development of a comorbidity index using physician claims data
Low serum cholesterol and suicide
Prevalence of suicide ideation and suicide attempts in nine countries
Suicide attempts in children and adolescents.
Comorbidity in child psychopathology: Concepts, issues and research strategies
Comorbidity in ADHD: implications for research, practice, and DSM-V
Comorbidity and its impact on disability.
Suicide in dermatological patients
Psychiatric risk factors for adolescent suicide: a case-control study
Suicide attempts preceding completed suicide
Hopelessness and eventual suicide: a 10-year prospective study of patients hospitalized with suicidal ideation
Risk factors for suicide and attempted suicide among young people
Dying to kill: The allure of suicide terror
Suicide and schizophrenia
Suicide, and other causes of death, following attempted suicide
DSM-III-R generalized anxiety disorder in the National Comorbidity Survey
Relationship between hopelessness and ultimate suicide: A replication with psychiatric outpatients
Time-related predictors of suicide in major affective disorder
Defining comorbidity: implications for understanding health and health services
An economic theory of suicide
Adolescent suicide prevention
Axis I comorbidity of borderline personality disorder
Sex and depression in the National Comorbidity Survey I: Lifetime prevalence, chronicity and recurrence
Causes and consequences of comorbidity: a review
Affective disorders and suicide risk: a reexamination
The epidemiology of murder-suicide
Comorbidity of DSM–III–R major depressive disorder in the general population: results from the US National Comorbidity Survey
The savage god: A study of suicide
Suicide in childhood and early adolescence
Sex and suicide: Gender differences in suicidal behaviour
Clinical epidemiology of suicide.
Lifetime prevalence of mental disorders in US adolescents: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication–Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A)
Mental disorders, comorbidity and suicidal behavior: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide terrorism
Preventing teenage suicide: A critical review
The prevalence and distribution of major depression in a national community sample: the National Comorbidity Survey
Suicide and friendships among American adolescents
Psychosocial risk factors of child and adolescent completed suicide
Panic disorder, comorbidity, and suicide attempts
Epidemiology and comorbidity of headache
Prevalence of and risk factors for suicide attempts versus suicide gestures: analysis of the National Comorbidity Survey.
Agoraphobia, simple phobia, and social phobia in the National Comorbidity Survey
Suicide in twins
Relationships between obesity and DSM-IV major depressive disorder, suicide ideation, and suicide attempts: results from a general population study.
Suicide prevention—a medical breakthrough?
Lifetime and 12-month prevalence of bipolar spectrum disorder in the National Comorbidity Survey replication
Medical comorbidity in schizophrenia
Youth suicide prevention
Antidepressants and suicide
Risk factors for suicide in later life
Lifetime risk of suicide for affective disorder, alcoholism and schizophrenia
Comorbidity and functional status are independent in older cancer patients.
Suicide in chronic schizophrenia
Suicide in the world
Epidemiology of suicide.
The lifetime risk of suicide in schizophrenia: a reexamination
Risk factors for suicide in psychiatric outpatients: a 20-year prospective study.
Hurt feelings: The neglected emotion.
Suicide: Foucault, history and truth.
Prevention of suicide: aspirations and evidence
The prevalence and correlates of adult ADHD in the United States: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide and suicide risk in lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender populations: Review and recommendations
Risk factors for attempted suicide in gay and bisexual youth
Why does social exclusion hurt? The relationship between social and physical pain.
Clustering of teenage suicides after television news stories about suicide
Differences between suicide rates
Psychosocial risk factors for future adolescent suicide attempts.
Suicide and mental disorder in Swedish men.
Clozapine treatment for suicidality in schizophrenia: international suicide prevention trial (InterSePT)
Presentation adapting a clinical comorbidity index for use with ICD-9-CM administrative data: differing perspectives
Medical comorbidity in schizophrenia
Suicide and suicide attempts in adolescents
Child sexual abuse and subsequent psychopathology: results from the National Comorbidity Survey.
The psychiatric comorbidity of epilepsy
Assessment of suicide risk
Psychiatric and substance use comorbidity among treatment-seeking opioid abusers
The Self‐Administered Comorbidity Questionnaire: a new method to assess comorbidity for clinical and health services research
DSM-IV personality disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Schizophrenia and suicide: systematic review of risk factors
Psychiatric comorbidity in patients with eating disorders1
Comorbidity: A network perspective
Comorbidity of fibromyalgia and psychiatric disorders.
Suicide and bipolar disorder
Comorbidity of anxiety and depressive disorders: a helplessness-hopelessness perspective.
The epidemiology of obsessive-compulsive disorder in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Adolescent sexual orientation and suicide risk: Evidence from a national study
A global perspective in the epidemiology of suicide
Bullying and suicide. A review
Suicide as an outcome for medical disorders.
Night falls fast: Understanding suicide
Genetics of suicide
Family history of suicide
Comorbidity of unipolar depression: II. Comorbidity with other mental disorders in adolescents and adults.
Age-and sex-related risk factors for adolescent suicide
Anxiety disorders and comorbid medical illness
Making sense of suicide missions
Non-suicidal self-injury among adolescents: Diagnostic correlates and relation to suicide attempts
Comorbidity of anxiety disorders with anorexia and bulimia nervosa
Attempted suicide among living co-twins of twin suicide victims.
Differential prognostic impact of comorbidity
Suicide in the home in relation to gun ownership
Psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy: a population‐based analysis
Comorbid psychiatric disorders in children with autism: interview development and rates of disorders
Comorbidity of psychiatric diagnoses in anorexia nervosa
Comorbidity of anxiety and depression in children and adolescents.
The borderline diagnosis I: psychopathology, comorbidity, and personaltity structure
Twelve-month use of mental health services in the United States: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Googling suicide: surfing for suicide information on the Internet.
Prognostic importance of comorbidity in a hospital-based cancer registry
Suicide and psychiatric diagnosis: a worldwide perspective
Childhood adversity and adult psychiatric disorder in the US National Comorbidity Survey
Comorbidity of Asperger syndrome: a preliminary report
Beneficial suicide: why neutrophils die to make NETs
Can comorbidity be measured by questionnaire rather than medical record review?
Suicide among schizophrenics: who is at risk?
Suicide in major depression
Identification of suicide risk factors using epidemiologic studies
Symptoms in the community: prevalence, classification, and psychiatric comorbidity
Suicide risk in patients with major depressive disorder.
Psychiatric disorders in children with autism spectrum disorders: prevalence, comorbidity, and associated factors in a population-derived sample
Proteases for cell suicide: functions and regulation of caspases
Youth suicide risk and preventive interventions: a review of the past 10 years
Completed suicide after a suicide attempt: a 37-year follow-up study
Hopelessness, depression, and suicide intent.
Comorbidity among childhood anxiety disorders.
Cultural continuity as a hedge against suicide in Canada's First Nations
Mental disorders and comorbidity in attempted suicide
Increase in suicide in the United States, 1999–2014
Durkheim, suicide, and religion: Toward a network theory of suicide
Suicide risk during antidepressant treatment
The liposome-mediated macrophage 'suicide'technique
Worlds of Hurt: Reading the literatures of Trauma
The prediction of suicide
Survival analysis of suicide risk after attempted suicide
The epidemiology of suicide and parasuicide
Measuring comorbidity in older cancer patients
Depression, delusions, and suicide
Patterns of psychiatric comorbidity, cognition, and psychosocial functioning in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Hematopoietic cell transplantation (HCT)-specific comorbidity index: a new tool for risk assessment before allogeneic HCT
Suicide risk in mood disorders
Comorbid depression and anxiety spectrum disorders
Psychiatric comorbidity of smoking and nicotine dependence
Child and adolescent suicide
Clinical practice guidelines and quality of care for older patients with multiple comorbid diseases: implications for pay for performance
Suicide substrates: mechanism-based enzyme inactivators
San Diego suicide study: I. Young vs old subjects
Antidumping: How it works and who gets hurt
Suicide, deprivation, and unemployment: record linkage study
Suicide and the media
Methods of suicide: international suicide patterns derived from the WHO mortality database
Family genetic studies, suicide, and suicidal behavior
Increased risk of suicide in persons with AIDS
Lifetime co-occurrence of DSM-III-R alcohol abuse and dependence with other psychiatric disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey
The impact of suicide in television movies
Prediction of suicide in psychiatric patients: report of a prospective study
Suicide and suicidal behaviour
Psychopathy, antisocial personality, and suicide risk.
Being accurate is not enough: how accuracy metrics have hurt recommender systems
Suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in panic disorder and attacks
Religious affiliation and suicide attempt
DSM-IV pathological gambling in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Lifetime panic-depression comorbidity in the National Comorbidity Survey
Comorbidity and guidelines: conflicting interests
Elevated CSF CRF in suicide victims
Depression, attempted suicide, and suicide in patients with chronic schizophrenia.
Suicide and depression among college students: A decade later.
Work–family conflict and employee psychiatric disorders: The national comorbidity survey.
How antibiotic-producing organisms avoid suicide
Comorbidity of chronic insomnia with medical problems
Scale for suicide ideation: Psychometric properties of a self‐report version
Comorbidity of DSM-IV pathological gambling and other psychiatric disorders: results from the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions.
Messages that hurt.
Serious suicide attempts in young people: a case control study
Epidemiology of comorbid coronary artery disease and depression
Comorbidity, impairment, and suicidality in subthreshold PTSD
Suicide after discharge from psychiatric inpatient care
The developmental epidemiology of anxiety disorders: phenomenology, prevalence, and comorbidity
The association of chronic pain and suicide.
Comorbidity of fibromyalgia with medical and psychiatric disorders
New ICD-10 version of the Charlson comorbidity index predicted in-hospital mortality
Psychiatric diagnoses and suicide: revisiting the evidence
Suicide and the internet
Suicide ideation at its worst point: a predictor of eventual suicide in psychiatric outpatients
Cognitive therapy for the prevention of suicide attempts: a randomized controlled trial
The influence of suggestion on suicide: Substantive and theoretical implications of the Werther effect
Comorbidity of mood and anxiety disorders
Reinterpreting comorbidity: A model-based approach to understanding and classifying psychopathology
Comorbidity of migraine and epilepsy
Diagnostic Comorbidity in a Disaster Sample
Prevalence, comorbidity, disability and service utilisation: overview of the Australian National Mental Health Survey
Unemployment and suicide. Evidence for a causal association?
Alcohol in suicide and homicide.
Suicide attempts associated with akathisia.
Comorbidity in hoarding disorder
Risk factors for suicide in China: a national case-control psychological autopsy study
Comorbidity of mood and anxiety disorders
Comorbidity of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder with psychiatric disorder: an overview.
Homicide, suicide and CSF 5‐HIAA
Mishandling suicide terrorism
Suicide risk: Assessment and response guidelines.
Myc pathways provoking cell suicide and cancer
Religion and support for suicide attacks
Characterization of schizophrenic patients who commit suicide.
The comorbidity of depression and substance use disorders
The epidemiology of suicide attempts, 1960 to 1971
Reasons for suicide attempts and nonsuicidal self-injury in women with borderline personality disorder.
Will it hurt less if I can control it? A complex answer to a simple question.
The national comorbidity survey replication (NCS‐R): background and aims
A systematic review of mental disorder, suicide, and deliberate self harm in lesbian, gay and bisexual people
Clinical predictors of suicide in patients with major affective disorders: a controlled prospective study.
Suicide attempts and recent life events: A controlled comparison
Epidemiologic evidence for asthma and rhinitis comorbidity
Etiology of community-acquired pneumonia: impact of age, comorbidity, and severity
Psychiatric comorbidity in pathological gambling: a critical review
CSF 5‐HIAA predicts suicide risk after attempted suicide
Epidemiology of suicide
Impaired decision making in suicide attempters
The last appointment before suicide: is suicide intent communicated?
Suicide: closing the exits
Immunological aspects in the neurobiology of suicide: elevated microglial density in schizophrenia and depression is associated with suicide
The interpersonal theory of suicide: Guidance for working with suicidal clients.
Suicide attempts in major affective disorder patients with comorbid substance use disorders.
Current and lifetime comorbidity of the DSM-IV anxiety and mood disorders in a large clinical sample.
Comorbid psychiatric disorders in youth in juvenile detention
Chronic spinal pain and physical–mental comorbidity in the United States: results from the national comorbidity survey replication
Violence and risk of PTSD, major depression, substance abuse/dependence, and comorbidity: results from the National Survey of Adolescents.
Black suicide
Increased serotonin-2 binding sites in frontal cortex of suicide victims
Suicide and guilt as manifestations of PTSD
Elder suicide: Research, theory and treatment.
Global suicide rates among young people aged 15-19
Suicide: an unnecessary death
The neurobiology and genetics of suicide and attempted suicide: a focus on the serotonergic system
Contact with mental health and primary care providers before suicide: a review of the evidence
Risk-rescue rating in suicide assessment
Attempted suicide among transgender persons: The influence of gender-based discrimination and victimization
Durkheim's one cause of suicide
Confronting depression and suicide in physicians: a consensus statement
Alcoholism and suicide
Somatization increases medical utilization and costs independent of psychiatric and medical comorbidity
Depression, suicide, and suicide prevention in schizophrenia
Suicide notes and tragic lives.
Versatile suicide vectors which allow direct selection for gene replacement in gram-negative bacteria
The logic of suicide terrorism
Risk factors for suicide in psychiatric patients
Risk factors for serious suicide attempts among youths aged 13 through 24 years
Bipolar disorders in a community sample of older adolescents: prevalence, phenomenology, comorbidity, and course
Suicide attempts in bipolar patients.
Suicide by physicians.
Comprehending suicide. Landmarks in 20th-century suicidology.
Suicide in america
Gatekeeper training as a preventative intervention for suicide: a systematic review
The impact of comorbid chronic conditions on diabetes care
Suicide and the attempted suicide: An interntional perspective
Assault, suicide, and mental illness
Epidemiology of youth suicide and suicidal behavior
2012 national strategy for suicide prevention: goals and objectives for action: a report of the US Surgeon General and of the National Action Alliance for Suicide …
Depression, hopelessness and suicide in chronic schizophrenia
Revolutionary Suicide:(Penguin Classics Deluxe Edition)
Characteristics of impulsive suicide attempts and attempters
Antidepressants and suicide risk in the United States, 1985-1999.
Incidence of suicide in persons with cancer
Suicide in alcoholics
Reduced corticotropin releasing factor binding sites in the frontal cortex of suicide victims
Community studies on adolescent substance use, abuse, or dependence and psychiatric comorbidity.
A neurobiological basis for substance abuse comorbidity in schizophrenia
Attempted suicide in Europe: rates, trend. S and sociodemographic characteristics of suicide attempters during the period 1989–1992. Results of the WHO/EURO …
Prediction of eventual suicide in psychiatric inpatients by clinical ratings of hopelessness.
Comorbidity among anxiety disorders: Implications for treatment and DSM-IV..
Comorbidity of chronic diseases in general practice
ADHD and comorbidity in childhood.
Obsessive compulsive disorder: comorbid conditions.
The development of a comorbidity index with physical function as the outcome
Prevention of suicide and attempted suicide in Denmark
The lifetime risk of suicide in alcoholism
Psychiatric comorbidity in treatment-seeking anorexics and bulimics
Psychiatric comorbidity of migraine
Adolescent suicide attempters: response to suicide-prevention programs
Relationship between antidepressant medication treatment and suicide in adolescents
Obesity and its comorbid conditions
Suicide in cancer patients.
Suicide risk assessment: a review of risk factors for suicide in 100 patients who made severe suicide attempts: evaluation of suicide risk in a time of managed care
Suicide after deliberate self-harm: a 4-year cohort study
Suicide and deliberate self harm in young people
Media coverage as a risk factor in suicide
Personality traits as correlates of suicidal ideation, suicide attempts, and suicide completions: a systematic review
Comorbid anxiety and depression.
Suicide in older adults
Traumatic events and post‐traumatic stress disorder in the community: prevalence, risk factors and comorbidity
Mental illness and suicide: a case-control study in East Taiwan
Comorbidity of migraine and depression: investigating potential etiology and prognosis
Perfectionism and suicide potential
A case control study of suicide and attempted suicide in older adults
Hopelessness, depression, and suicide intent
Interaction between conduct disorder and its comorbid conditions: Effects of age and gender
Childhood abuse, household dysfunction, and the risk of attempted suicide throughout the life span: findings from the Adverse Childhood Experiences Study
Suicides and serious suicide attempts: two populations or one?
Rebuilding the tower of Babel: a revised nomenclature for the study of suicide and suicidal behaviors part 2: suicide‐related ideations, communications, and behaviors
Schizophrenics kill themselves too: a review of risk factors for suicide
Psychiatric disorders: problems of boundaries and comorbidity.
Models of comorbidity for multifactorial disorders.
Psychiatric comorbidity in children after the 1988: earthquake in Armenia
Social phobia subtypes in the National Comorbidity Survey
Does globalization hurt the poor?
Psychiatric comorbidity in children and adolescents with reading disability
Durkheim's suicide and problems of empirical research
Is suicide bereavement different? A reassessment of the literature
Multiple risk factors predict suicide in alcoholism
Comorbidity of chronic diseases
Association of binge eating disorder and psychiatric comorbidity in obese subjects.
Axis I comorbidity in body dysmorphic disorder
Construction of an eae deletion mutant of enteropathogenic Escherichia coli by using a positive-selection suicide vector.
Comorbidity of the nonmotor symptoms of Parkinson's disease
Suicide and mass suicide.
Suicide among schizophrenics: a review
The causes, phenomenology, and consequences of hurt feelings.
Terrorism, signaling, and suicide attack
Mental disorders and suicide in Northern Ireland
Intra‐abdominal pressure, sagittal abdominal diameter and obesity comorbidity
Personality and comorbidity of common psychiatric disorders
Suicide in alcoholism.
Comparative epidemiology of dependence on tobacco, alcohol, controlled substances, and inhalants: basic findings from the National Comorbidity Survey.
Means restriction for suicide prevention
Epidemiology and comorbidity of anxiety disorders in the elderly
Adolescent psychopathology: III. The clinical consequences of comorbidity
Comorbidity of externalizing and internalizing problems.
Predictors of suicide in the old elderly
Mortality and medical comorbidity among psychiatric patients: a review.
Geriatric Index of Comorbidity: validation and comparison with other measures of comorbidity
Lifetime panic–depression comorbidity in the National Comorbidity Survey: Association with symptoms, impairment, course and help-seeking
Proposed clinical criteria for physician-assisted suicide
Suicide attempts and impulsivity
Comorbidity or multimorbidity: what's in a name? A review of literature
Suicidal behavior runs in families: a controlled family study of adolescent suicide victims
Rates and risk factors for suicide, suicidal ideation, and suicide attempts in chronic epilepsy
Suicide in prisoners: a systematic review of risk factors
Imitative suicide on the Viennese subway
Suicide and family loading for affective disorders
Practical considerations on the use of the Charlson comorbidity index with administrative data bases
ADHD with comorbid disorders: Clinical assessment and management.
Posttraumatic stress disorder and depression following trauma: understanding comorbidity
Risk adjustment in outcome assessment: the Charlson comorbidity index
Suicide rates in various psychiatric disorders.
Academic underachievement, attention deficits, and aggression: comorbidity and implications for intervention.
Adolescent suicide prevention: current research and social policy implications.
Comorbid association of autism and schizophrenia
Suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in body dysmorphic disorder.
Differentiating suicide attempters from suicide ideators: A critical frontier for suicidology research
Recent developments: suicide in older people
The comorbidity of ADHD in the general population of Swedish school-age children
Clinical predictors of suicide in primary major depressive disorder.
Axis I diagnostic comorbidity and borderline personality disorder
Marital status and suicide in the National Longitudinal Mortality Study
Suicidal children grow up: ego functions associated with suicide attempts
Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder and comorbidity
Strategies for preventing suicide
Suicide: The gamble with death.
Cell suicide in health and disease
Comorbid depression is associated with increased health care use and expenditures in individuals with diabetes
A randomized controlled trial of postcrisis suicide prevention
Psychiatric comorbidity in epilepsy
The effect of comorbidity on 3-year survival of women with primary breast cancer
Suicide: a constitutional right
Suicide and serious suicide attempts in youth: a multiple-group comparison study
Suicide and schizophrenia: a systematic review of rates and risk factors
Assessing comorbidity using claims data: an overview
Noncardiac comorbidity increases preventable hospitalizations and mortality among Medicare beneficiaries with chronic heart failure
Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and juvenile mania: an overlooked comorbidity?
Suicide deaths in England and Wales: trends in factors associated with suicide deaths.
Media contagion and suicide among the young
A novel suicide vector and its use in construction of insertion mutations: osmoregulation of outer membrane proteins and virulence determinants in Vibrio cholerae …
Epidemiological studies in incidence, prevalence, mortality, and comorbidity of the rheumatic diseases
The US national comorbidity survey replication (NCS‐R): design and field procedures
Suicide in prison
The relationship between suicide risk and sexual orientation: results of a population-based study.
Comorbid psychopathology with autism spectrum disorder in children: An overview
The coal gas story. United Kingdom suicide rates, 1960-71.
Warning signs for suicide: Theory, research, and clinical applications
Comorbidity and outcome in eating disorders
Psychiatric comorbidity in pedophilic sex offenders
Religion and suicide
Comorbidity of substance abuse and other psychiatric disorders in adolescents
Major depression and comorbid substance use disorders
Effect of age and comorbidity in postmenopausal breast cancer patients aged 55 years and older
Alcohol consumption and suicide
Attitudes toward suicide: A factor analytic approach
Genetics of suicide: an overview
Prevalence and correlates of eating disorders in adolescents: Results from the national comorbidity survey replication adolescent supplement
Psychiatric illness and risk factors for suicide in Denmark
Suicide risk in relation to psychiatric hospitalization: evidence based on longitudinal registers
The prediction of suicide: Sensitivity, specificity, and predictive value of a multivariate model applied to suicide among 1906 patients with affective disorders
Comorbid depression, chronic pain, and disability in primary care
The association of comorbid depression with mortality in patients with type 2 diabetes
Depression comorbid with anxiety: results from the WHO study on psychological disorders in primary health care
Psychiatric comorbidity in hospitalized adolescent substance abusers
Suicide and attempted suicide
Suicide risk in bipolar disorder during treatment with lithium and divalproex
Prevalence of anxiety disorders and their comorbidity with mood and addictive disorders
Some clinical considerations in the prevention of suicide based on a study of 134 successful suicides
Trends in suicide ideation, plans, gestures, and attempts in the United States, 1990-1992 to 2001-2003
Migraine, psychiatric disorders, and suicide attempts: an epidemiologic study of young adults
Prevalence, correlates, and course of minor depression and major depression in the National Comorbidity Survey
Antidepressant medications and the relative risk of suicide attempt and suicide
Suicide mortality in India: a nationally representative survey
Suicide mortality in the European Union
Parkinson's disease and anxiety: comorbidity with depression
Sex and depression in the National Comorbidity Survey. II: Cohort effects
Trends in suicide in England and Wales, 1982-96.
Comorbidity of axis I and axis II disorders
Comorbidity of insomnia and depression
Suicide by prisoners: national clinical survey
Diagnostic comorbidity in panic disorder: Effect on treatment outcome and course of comorbid diagnoses following treatment.
The epidemiology of teen suicide: an examination of risk factors.
Suicide neurobiology
Gender differences in risk factors for suicide in Denmark
An electronic application for rapidly calculating Charlson comorbidity score
Language death or language suicide?
Risk factors for suicide in individuals with depression: a systematic review
Social factors in suicide
Comorbid conditions in obsessive-compulsive disorder
The increasing rate of suicide by firearms
Suicide and multiple sclerosis: an epidemiological investigation.
Problem-solving in suicide attempters
Soldier suicide rates continue to rise
Frequency and comorbidity of social phobia and social fears in adolescents
Models of minority college-going and retention: Cultural integrity versus cultural suicide
Ecological study of social fragmentation, poverty, and suicide
Cultural considerations in adolescent suicide prevention and psychosocial treatment.
Risk factors for suicide completion in borderline personality disorder: a case-control study of cluster B comorbidity and impulsive aggression.
Suicide contagion.
When patients commit suicide
Correlates of suicide and violence risk 1: the suicide risk measure
Suicide rates among physicians: a quantitative and gender assessment (meta-analysis)
Complicated grief in survivors of suicide
Risk of suicide and related adverse outcomes after exposure to a suicide prevention programme in the US Air Force: cohort study
Issues of taxonomy and comorbidity in the development of conduct disorder
Psychiatric comorbidity in gender identity disorder
Comorbidity of migraine and major affective disorders.
An outcome evaluation of the SOS suicide prevention program
Anxiety disorders associated with suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in the National Comorbidity Survey
Frequency of suicide on Gotland after systematic postgraduate education of general practitioners
Aboriginal language knowledge and youth suicide
Factors associated with suicide attempts in 648 patients with bipolar disorder in the Stanley Foundation Bipolar Network.
'Psychiatric comorbidity': an artefact of current diagnostic systems?
A simple comorbidity scale predicts clinical outcomes and costs in dialysis patients
Clinical predictors of eventual suicide: a 5-to 10-year prospective study of suicide attempters
Suicide attempts in schizophrenia: the role of command auditory hallucinations for suicide.
A psychological approach to suicide.
Comorbid anxiety symptoms in children with pervasive developmental disorders
The reality of comorbidity: depression and drug abuse.
Prevalence, course, and comorbidity of insomnia and depression in young adults
Validity of information on comorbidity derived from ICD-9-CCM administrative data
Suicide and social change in China
Psychosocial and psychiatric risk factors for suicide: Case-control psychological autopsy study
The practical art of suicide assessment: A guide for mental health professionals and substance abuse counselors.
Frequency, comorbidity, and psychosocial impairment of anxiety disorders in German adolescents
Suicide and occupation: a review of the literature.
Suicide associated with alfa-interferon therapy for chronic viral hepatitis
Mitochondria—the suicide organelles
Open verdict v. suicide – importance to research
Suicide, suicide attempts, and suicidal ideation
Medical comorbidity in women and men with schizophrenia
Suicide: Clinical and epidemiological studies.
A prospective investigation of major depressive disorder and comorbidity in abused and neglected children grown up
Suicide among male veterans: a prospective population-based study
Suicide among Canadian aboriginal peoples
Psychiatric comorbidity with problematic alcohol use in high school students
Suicide after traumatic brain injury: a population study
Alcohol and gambling pathology among US adults: prevalence, demographic patterns and comorbidity.
Comorbid anxiety disorders in depressed elderly patients
Risk for suicide in schizophrenia and other psychotic and nonpsychotic disorders.
The Columbia–Suicide Severity Rating Scale: initial validity and internal consistency findings from three multisite studies with adolescents and adults
Truth may hurt but deceit hurts more: communication in palliative care
The close link between suicide attempts and mixed (bipolar) depression: implications for suicide prevention
Suicide in bipolar disorder in Finland
Suicide: the leading cause of maternal death
Male depression and suicide
Gender differences in ADHD subtype comorbidity
Suicide in Asia
Suicide risk in Huntington's disease.
To be or not to be: A study of suicide.
Suicide in the elderly
Family history of suicidal behavior among suicide attempters.
Depression, visual acuity, comorbidity, and disability associated with age-related macular degeneration
Increased serotonin2 and β-adrenergic receptor binding in the frontal cortices of suicide victims
Suicide as psychache: A clinical approach to self-destructive behavior
The neurobiology of suicide and suicidality
Axis II comorbidity in substance abusers
Suicide and mental disorders: do we know enough?
Suicide in schizophrenics, manics, depressives, and surgical controls: a comparison with general population suicide mortality
Hopelessness as a predictor of eventual suicide
Cancer and comorbidity: redefining chronic diseases
Descriptions of barriers to self-care by persons with comorbid chronic diseases
Systematic review of the comorbidity of irritable bowel syndrome with other disorders: what are the causes and implications?
Marital status and the risk of suicide.
Neuropsychological dysfunction in depressed suicide attempters
Posttraumatic stress disorder and comorbidity: recognizing the many faces of PTSD.
Suicide and the media.
Risk of suicide among cancer patients
The psychological autopsy approach to studying suicide: a review of methodological issues.
Figures and facts about suicide
Major depression and the risk of attempted suicide
Axis II comorbidity of borderline personality disorder
Alcohol use disorder comorbidity in eating disorders: a multicenter study.
Method choice, intent, and gender in completed suicide
Personality and suicide
Myths about suicide
Prison suicide and prisoner coping
The relationship between attempted suicide and committed suicide
Attempted Suicide
Suicide and attempted suicide in Huntington disease: implications for preclinical testing of persons at risk
Glucocorticoids activate a suicide process in thymocytes through an elevation of cytosolic Ca2+ concentration
The relationship between antidepressant medication use and rate of suicide
The associations of suicide attempts in adolescents
Suicide attempts in the Epidemiologic Catchment Area study.
The role of social isolation in suicide
Predictors of police suicide ideation
Failure and delay in initial treatment contact after first onset of mental disorders in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide risk: The formulation of clinical judgment.
Hate crimes hurt more
Nightmares as predictors of suicide
Epidemiology and comorbidity of psoriasis in children
Recent life events, social support and suicide
Suicide and mental disorders: a case-control study of young men.
The social environment and suicide attempts in lesbian, gay, and bisexual youth
Psychiatric comorbidity in migraine: a review
Prevalence, correlates, disability, and comorbidity of DSM-IV alcohol abuse and dependence in the United States: results from the National Epidemiologic Survey on …
Suicide within 12 months of contact with mental health services: national clinical survey
Risk of psychiatric disorders among individuals reporting same-sex sexual partners in the National Comorbidity Survey.
Symptom profiles in children with ADHD: effects of comorbidity and gender
Comorbidity of mental disorders in the post-mortem diagnosis of completed suicide in children and adolescents
Lower risk of suicide during pregnancy.
Female suicide bombers
Familial risk factors for adolescent suicide: a case‐control study
A national survey of physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia in the United States
Suicidal desire and the capability for suicide: Tests of the interpersonal-psychological theory of suicidal behavior among adults.
Adolescent suicide attempts
Method of attempted suicide as predictor of subsequent successful suicide: national long term cohort study
Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and comorbid disorder: Issues of overlapping symptoms.
A computer interview for suicide-risk prediction
Suicide risk assessment and prediction.
The epidemiology of panic attacks, panic disorder, and agoraphobia in the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Tuberculosis: what we don't know can, and does, hurt us
Suicide: Guidelines for assessment, management, and treatment.
Life satisfaction and suicide: a 20-year follow-up study
The risk of suicide in patients with bipolar disorders.
The implications of human metabolic network topology for disease comorbidity
Updating and validating the Charlson comorbidity index and score for risk adjustment in hospital discharge abstracts using data from 6 countries
Reduction in obesity and related comorbid conditions after diet-induced weight loss or exercise-induced weight loss in men: a randomized, controlled trial
Attempted suicide predicts suicide risk in mood disorders
Performance of comorbidity scores to control for confounding in epidemiologic studies using claims data
The moral logic and growth of suicide terrorism
Comorbidity for alcoholism and depression
PTSD substance abuse comorbidity and treatment utilization
Depression, suicide and the metabolism of serotonin in the brain.
Mental disorders, psychiatric patients, and suicide.
Does diversity hurt democracy?
Why do people hurt themselves? New insights into the nature and functions of self-injury
Suicide during pregnancy and in the first postnatal year.
Comorbidity between substance use disorders and psychiatric conditions
Literacy difficulties and psychiatric disorders: Evidence for comorbidity
Gender and comorbid psychopathology in adolescents with alcohol dependence
Human suicide: a biological perspective.
Sleep problems, comorbid mental disorders, and role functioning in the national comorbidity survey replication
Flaws in mortality data: the hazards of ignoring comorbid disease
Childhood adversities and adult psychiatric disorders in the national comorbidity survey replication I: associations with first onset of DSM-IV disorders
Gender differences in suicide attempts from adolescence to young adulthood
Comorbidity: implications for the importance of primary care in 'case'management
Clinical features and psychiatric comorbidity of subjects with pathological gambling behavior
Trends in suicide deaths in England and Wales.
Suicide pacts and the internet
The suicide rate of epilepsy
Psychometric characteristics of the Scale for Suicide Ideation with psychiatric outpatients
Physical activity and personal characteristics associated with depression and suicide in American college men
Prison suicide in England and Wales, 1972–87
Overview of comorbid associations of allergic rhinitis
Suicide by intentional ingestion of pesticides: a continuing tragedy in developing countries
Suicide substrates, mechanism-based enzyme inactivators: recent developments
Why study the comorbidity of migraine?
Gender differences in children's normative beliefs about aggression: How do I hurt thee? Let me count the ways
Association between suicide attempts and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors: systematic review of randomised controlled trials
Importance of comorbidity in head and neck cancer
Time-space clustering of teenage suicide
Self-injurious skin picking: clinical characteristics and comorbidity.
Characteristics of alcoholics who attempt suicide
8 African‐American Suicide: A Cultural Paradox
Broken homes and attempted and completed suicide
Suicide following deliberate self-harm: long-term follow-up of patients who presented to a general hospital
Increased rate of suicide among patients with Huntington's disease.
Impact of comorbidity in adults with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder.
Comorbidity of ADHD and reading disability among clinic-referred children
Internet chat rooms and suicide.
Brood reduction in birds: selection for fratricide, infanticide and suicide?
Seasonality in violent suicide but not in nonviolent suicide or homicide.
Suicide: The tragedy of hopelessness.
The epidemiology of the comorbidity of epilepsy in the general population
Risk of suicide after suicide attempt according to coexisting psychiatric disorder: Swedish cohort study with long term follow-up
Psychiatric comorbidity in chronic daily headache.
Psychosocial and risk behavior correlates of youth suicide attempts and suicidal ideation
Comorbidity in childhood anxiety disorders and treatment outcome
Physician-assisted suicide and euthanasia in Washington State: patient requests and physician responses
Discovering suicide: Studies in the social organization of sudden death
Suicide prevention strategies revisited: 10-year systematic review
Suicide: A multidimensional malaise
Some differences between men and women who commit suicide.
Children's disturbed reactions to parent suicide
Cultural correlates of youth suicide
Suicide and aging I: patterns of psychiatric diagnosis
Hostility and depression associated with suicide attempts
Comorbidity of personality disorders and depression: implications for treatment.
Differences between national suicide rates
Charlson Index comorbidity adjustment for ischemic stroke outcome studies
Hopelessness and suicide
Evaluating iatrogenic risk of youth suicide screening programs: a randomized controlled trial
Suicide in Scottish prisons
Suicide and the elderly
Advances in the assessment of suicide risk
Suicide ideation among college students: A multivariate analysis
Comorbidity patterns in adolescents and young adults with suicide attempts
Suicide: An essay on comparative moral statistics
Confiding in others and illness rate among spouses of suicide and accidental-death victims.
Comorbidity in psychosis at first hospitalization
Tourette's disorder: epidemiology and comorbidity in primary school children
Sleep disturbance preceding completed suicide in adolescents.
Of suicide
The national comorbidity survey of the United States
Comorbidity as a fundamental feature of generalized anxiety disorders: results from the National Comorbidity Study (NCS)
On suicide prediction and prevention
Completed suicide at age 50 and over
Psychiatric comorbidity in DSM-III-R hypochondriasis
Psychoanalytic aspects of suicide
The impact of suicide on the family
Sexual minority youth and suicide risk
Comorbidity of headache and depressive disorders
Attempted and completed suicide in adolescence
The neurobiology of suicide risk: a review for the clinician.
Suicide attempts following acute depression.
Alcohol and suicide.
Comorbidity between eating disorders and anxiety disorders: a review
Drug treatment outcomes for adolescents with comorbid mental and substance use disorders
Epidemiology of DSM‐III‐R major depression and minor depression among adolescents and young adults in the national comorbidity survey
Psychiatric comorbidity assessed in Korean children and adolescents who screen positive for Internet addiction.
Reasons for adolescent suicide attempts: Associations with psychological functioning
Dimensions of perfectionism and suicide ideation
Risk factors for late-life suicide: a prospective, community-based study
The epidemiology of suicide in children and young adolescents
Interpersonal stressors, substance abuse, and suicide.
Risks of all‐cause and suicide mortality in mental disorders: a meta‐review
Suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in general medical illnesses
Comorbidity of substance use disorders with mood and anxiety disorders: results of the International Consortium in Psychiatric Epidemiology
Suicide Attempt Self-Injury Interview (SASII): development, reliability, and validity of a scale to assess suicide attempts and intentional self-injury.
Compulsive buying: Demography, phenomenology, and comorbidity in 46 subjects
The effects of marital dissolution on suicide.
Association between antidepressant prescribing and suicide in Australia, 1991-2000: trend analysis
Epidemiology of completed and attempted suicide: toward a framework for prevention
Axis I psychiatric comorbidity and its relationship to historical illness variables in 288 patients with bipolar disorder
Comorbidity of reading disability and attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: Differences by gender and subtype
Aboriginal suicide is different: A portrait of life and self-destruction
The adolescent suicide problem
Stigmatization and suicide bereavement
Comparison of the Elixhauser and Charlson/Deyo methods of comorbidity measurement in administrative data
The comorbid psychiatric symptoms of Internet addiction: attention deficit and hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), depression, social phobia, and hostility
Rethinking impulsivity in suicide
DSM-III personality disorder diagnoses in a nonpatient sample: Demographic correlates and comorbidity
Cognitive characteristics of suicide attempters.
Substance abuse and post-traumatic stress disorder comorbidity
Nicotine addiction and comorbidity with alcohol abuse and mental illness
Systematic review of comorbidity indices for administrative data
The dexamethasone suppression test and suicide prediction
Spirit breaking: When the helping professions hurt
Psychiatric diagnosis in clinical practice: is comorbidity being missed?
Depression and suicide attempt as risk factors for incident unprovoked seizures
Risk factors for completed suicide in bipolar disorder.
Comorbid substance use and age at onset of schizophrenia
An epidemiologic investigation of potential risk factors for suicide attempts
From autothanasia to suicide: Self-killing in classical antiquity
Does third world growth hurt first world prosperity?
Dyadic death: Murder‐suicide
Rural male suicide in Australia
Postpartum anxiety and depression: onset and comorbidity in a community sample
Suicide and schizophrenia: a nationwide psychological autopsy study on age-and sex-specific clinical characteristics of 92 suicide victims with schizophrenia
Psychiatric comorbidity in anorexia and bulimia nervosa: nature, prevalence, and causal relationships
Comorbidity of Axis I psychiatric disorders in bulimia nervosa.
The National Comorbidity Survey: preliminary results and future directions.
An investigation of differences between self-injurious behavior and suicide attempts in a sample of adolescents
Firearms and youth suicide.
Suicide and cardiovascular death after a cancer diagnosis
Operational criteria for the determination of suicide
Epilepsy and risk of suicide: a population-based case–control study
Acute lung injury in the medical ICU: comorbid conditions, age, etiology, and hospital outcome
Safety planning intervention: a brief intervention to mitigate suicide risk
Assessment of suicide ideation and parasuicide: Hopelessness and social desirability.
What you don't know won't hurt me: Costly (but quiet) exit in dictator games
Suicide—the Ultimate Rejection? A Psycho–social Study
Personality disorder, personality traits, impulsive violence, and completed suicide in adolescents
Mood disorders and suicide.
Eating disorders, trauma, and comorbidity: Focus on PTSD
Legalized physician-assisted suicide in Oregon—the first year's experience
Syndrome comorbidity in patients diagnosed with a DSM-III—R anxiety disorder.
Prevalence, nature, and comorbidity of depressive disorders in primary care
Causing death and saving lives: The moral problems of abortion, infanticide, suicide, euthanasia, capital punishment, war and other life-or-death choices
Comorbid mental disorders account for the role impairment of commonly occurring chronic physical disorders: results from the National Comorbidity Survey
Post-traumatic stress disorder and depression: An analysis of comorbidity
Anxiety disorders and risk for suicidal ideation and suicide attempts: a population-based longitudinal study of adults
Does depression hurt?
An improved suicide vector for construction of chromosomal insertion mutations in bacteria
Psychopathology of adolescent suicide: Hopelessness, coping beliefs, and depression.
The association of medical comorbidity in schizophrenia with poor physical and mental health
Comorbidity in adults with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder
Seasonal patterns of suicide, depression and electroconvulsive therapy
Comorbidity in irritable bowel syndrome
IL-2 addiction: withdrawal of growth factor activates a suicide program in dependent T cells.
Clinical response and risk for reported suicidal ideation and suicide attempts in pediatric antidepressant treatment: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials
Final exit: The practicalities of self-deliverance and assisted suicide for the dying
The gender gap in suicide and premature death or: why are men so vulnerable?
When asking “why” does not hurt distinguishing rumination from reflective processing of negative emotions
Burden of illness and suicide in elderly people: case-control study
Mature T cells of autoimmune lpr/lpr mice have a defect in antigen-stimulated suicide.
Affect regulation and suicide attempts in adolescent inpatients
Vulnerability and prison suicide
Serotonergic measures in the brains of suicide victims: 5-HT (2) binding sites in the frontal cortex of suicide victims and control subjects
Attempted suicide in chronic schizophrenia
Newspaper reports and suicide.
Common chronic pain conditions in developed and developing countries: gender and age differences and comorbidity with depression-anxiety disorders
Trends in mortality from suicide, 1965–99
Do we still hurt newborn babies?: A prospective study of procedural pain and analgesia in neonates
Schizophrenia and comorbid metabolic disorders.
Service utilization for lifetime mental disorders in US adolescents: results of the National Comorbidity Survey–Adolescent Supplement (NCS-A)
Childhood adversities, interpersonal difficulties, and risk for suicide attempts during late adolescence and early adulthood
Suicide in psychiatric patients: risk and prevention
Suicide, suicide attempts and pesticides: a major hidden public health problem
Familial, psychiatric, and socioeconomic risk factors for suicide in young people: nested case-control study
Suicide announcement on Facebook
Apoptosis: suicide, execution or murder?
Human brain receptor alterations in suicide victims
Migration and suicide
Understanding comorbidity with depression and anxiety disorders.
Comorbidity between ADDH and learning disability: A review and report in a clinically referred sample
Adolescent suicide risk: Four psychosocial factors
Psychoactive substance use disorders in adults with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): effects of ADHD and psychiatric comorbidity
Prediction of adolescent suicide: a population model.
Suicide among heroin users: rates, risk factors and methods
Trauma and substance abuse: Causes, consequences, and treatment of comorbid disorders.
Cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia enhances depression outcome in patients with comorbid major depressive disorder and insomnia
Sexual orientation and youth suicide
Prevalence, correlates, disability, and comorbidity of DSM-IV borderline personality disorder: results from the Wave 2 National Epidemiologic Survey on …
Legalized physician-assisted suicide in Oregon—the second year
Epidemic suicide among Micronesian adolescents
The limitations of official suicide statistics
Further reflections on suicide and psychache
Suicide in schizophrenia: risk factors and clozapine treatment.
Evolutionary suicide
Attempted suicide in adolescence: A review and critique of the literature
Genetics of suicide
Suicide in developing countries (2) risk factors
Psychiatric comorbidity in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: findings from multiplex families
Bipolar II disorder and comorbidity
Patterns of comorbidity, functioning, and service use for US children with ADHD, 2007
Impact of comorbidity on lung cancer survival
Suicide after successful deep brain stimulation for movement disorders
Methylglyoxal production in bacteria: suicide or survival?
A multicentre study on suicide outcomes following subthalamic stimulation for Parkinson's disease
Barriers to mental health treatment: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Suicide over 60: the San Diego study
A worldwide assessment of the frequency of suicide, suicide attempts, or psychiatric hospitalization after predictive testing for Huntington disease
Completed suicide in chronic pain.
Immune system in suicide-gene therapy
Psychosocial characteristics of adolescents with a history of suicide attempt
Comorbidity of axis I and axis II disorders in patients who attempted suicide
Migraine, suicidal ideation, and suicide attempts
Neurotrophin levels in postmortem brains of suicide victims and the effects of antemortem diagnosis and psychotropic drugs
Approaches to the phenomena of comorbidity.
Euthanasia, physician-assisted suicide, and other medical practices involving the end of life in the Netherlands, 1990–1995
Smoking and suicide among nurses.
Suicide‐bereaved children and adolescents: A controlled longitudinal examination
Alcohol and suicide in 14 European countries
Observed classroom behavior of children with ADHD: Relationship to gender and comorbidity
Relation between attempted suicide and suicide rates among young people in Europe.
Smoking and suicide: a brief overview
Suicide among subjects with personality disorders
Patient suicide: Frequency and impact on psychologists.
Suicide by burning.
The suicide risk of discharged psychiatric patients.
Understanding suicide in Australian farmers
Assessing the impact of comorbidity in the older population
Temporal variation in suicide and homicide
ADHD with comorbid anxiety: a review of the current literature
Suicide genes for cancer therapy
The influence of classification methods on comorbidity.
Psychiatric comorbidity in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)
Marital dissatisfaction and psychiatric disorders: Results from the national comorbidity survey.
Durkheim and the Study of Suicide
Interaction between comorbidity and cancer
Mania and ADHD: comorbidity or confusion
Stroke-damaged neurons may commit cellular suicide
Predictors of suicide attempts among gay, lesbian, and bisexual youth
Impulsive-aggressive behaviours and completed suicide across the life cycle: a predisposition for younger age of suicide
Occupation and suicide
Risk of repetition of suicide attempt, suicide or all deaths after an episode of attempted suicide: a register-based survival analysis
Suicide clusters: an examination of age-specific effects.
Site-specific recombination intermediates trapped with suicide substrates
Karolinska Interpersonal Violence Scale predicts suicide in suicide attempters.
Preventing suicide.
Comorbidity of depression with other medical diseases in the elderly
Suicide: A decade review of the sociological literature
Sociodemographic and comorbidity profiles of chronic migraine and episodic migraine sufferers
Suicide in male and female physicians
Suicide and alcoholism: interpersonal loss confirmed as a predictor
Guns and suicide in the United States
Suicide behind bars: Prediction and prevention
Lithium treatment and suicide risk in major affective disorders: update and new findings
Comorbid subjective health complaints in low back pain
Suicide Risk Managment
The neurobiology of suicide
Comorbidity of chronic pain and mental health disorders: the biopsychosocial perspective.
Obsessive compulsive comorbidity in the dieting disorders
Taking their own lives—the high rate of physician suicide
Measurement and impact of comorbidity in older cancer patients
Comorbid occurrence of laryngeal or pulmonary disease with esophagitis in United States military veterans
Poly (ADP-ribose) polymerase: killer or conspirator? The 'suicide hypothesis' revisited
Influence of comorbid conditions on asthma
Suicide in psychiatric hospital in-patients: risk factors and their predictive power
Prevention of youth suicide.
Cannabis abuse and serious suicide attempts
The national comorbidity survey
Media guidelines on the reporting of suicide
Association of alcohol and drug use disorders and completed suicide: an empirical review of cohort studies
Reduced suicide risk during lithium maintenance treatment.
Suicide by vehicular crash.
Suicide: An essential guide for helping professionals and educators
Suicide attempts and self-injury in male prisons
Patterns of suicide and homicide in the world.
Is comorbidity with ADHD a marker for juvenile-onset mania?
Predictors of early suicide: identification and appropriate intervention.
Psychiatric comorbidity and functioning in clinically referred preschool children and school-age youths with ADHD
The power to hurt: Costly conflict with completely informed states
Suicide clusters and media exposure.
Psychiatric comorbidity in children with new onset epilepsy
Cerebrospinal fluid amines and higher-lethality suicide attempts in depressed inpatients
Cell suicide and caspases
When using knowledge can hurt performance: The value of organizational capabilities in a management consulting company
Posttraumatic stress disorder and completed suicide
Suicide attempts among American Indian and Alaska Native youth: Risk and protective factors
Insomnia and comorbid psychiatric disorders
Prevalence, correlates, and treatment of lifetime suicidal behavior among adolescents: results from the National Comorbidity Survey Replication Adolescent …
Prevalence and correlates of drug use and dependence in the United States: results from the National Comorbidity Survey
Some suicide statistics
A meta-analytic examination of comorbid hyperactive-impulsive-attention problems and conduct problems.
Psychobiologic predictors of suicide.
Platelet serotonin-2 receptor binding sites in depression and suicide
Suicide in mental hospital patients.
Depression and anxiety in inflammatory bowel disease: a review of comorbidity and management
A cluster of adolescent suicide attempts: is suicide contagious?
Media roles in suicide prevention: a systematic review
Suicide among black youths--United States, 1980-1995
Personality traits and the development of depression, hopelessness, and suicide ideation
High occurrence of mood and anxiety disorders among older adults: The National Comorbidity Survey Replication
Risk of suicide in the relatives of schizophrenics, manics, depressives, and controls.
Lethality of suicide attempt rating scale
Death by suicide: one way to go in mammalian cellular development?
Comorbidity for obsessive-compulsive disorder in bipolar and unipolar disorders
Parent-child conflict and the comorbidity among childhood externalizing disorders
Stressful life events, psychopathology, and adolescent suicide: A case control study
In situ use of suicide genes for cancer therapy.
3D MRI studies of neuroanatomic changes in unipolar major depression: the role of stress and medical comorbidity
Lay my burden down: Unraveling suicide and the mental health crisis among African-Americans
Suicide amongst women prisoners
The internet, suicide, and suicide prevention.
Cognitive risk factors in suicide.
Psychiatric disorder in a birth cohort of young adults: prevalence, comorbidity, clinical significance, and new case incidence from ages 11 to 21.
How are nations trying to prevent suicide? An analysis of national suicide prevention strategies
Do lemmings commit suicide?
On suicide
Explaining suicide terrorism: A review essay
Do suicide survivors suffer social stigma: a review of the literature
Adolescents with learning disabilities at risk? Emotional well-being, depression, suicide
Localized alterations in pre-and postsynaptic serotonin binding sites in the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex of suicide victims
Suicide risk among persons attempting suicide
Suicide intervention training evaluation: A preliminary report.
Comorbid chronic pain and depression: who is at risk?
Genetics of suicide: a systematic review of twin studies
Effects of psychotherapy on comorbid conditions in generalized anxiety disorder.
Lipids, depression and suicide
Effects of suicide bereavement on mental health and suicide risk
Clinical profile, comorbidity, and treatment history in 123 hair pullers: a survey study.
Nicotine, alcohol and drug dependence and psychiatric comorbidity: results of a national household survey
Suicide, assisted suicide, and medical illness.
Suicide ideation in Chinese adolescents
Reading problems and antisocial behaviour: Developmental trends in comorbidity
Oxidative stress in anxiety and comorbid disorders
Hurt. Inside the world of today's teenagers
Comorbidity and smoking
Migraine and psychiatric comorbidity: a review of clinical findings
The encyclopedia of suicide.
Relationships among suicide ideators, attempters, and multiple attempters in a young-adult sample.
Suicide in young men
Suicide in late life: review and commentary
Risk factors for completed suicide in schizophrenia.
Well-being and social capital: Does suicide pose a puzzle?
Suicide intent and accurate expectations of lethality: predictors of medical lethality of suicide attempts.
The case against suicide prevention.
Suicide in American Indians.
Elevated suicide levels associated with legalized gambling
Completed suicide in childhood
Why women are less likely than men to commit suicide
Preventing suicide: A global imperative
Les causes du suicide
Suicide et travail: que faire?
Adolescent suicide
